Hi, guys.
Welcome in this lecture.
Robin to start designing the video screen.
Okay, so now what we can do is we can get rid of this center widgets and are going to be using something
known as page view.
View.
There are the reason for this is we want to be able to see through each video.
Okay.
So over the over here, we're going to be using the page view.
And that's due there.
Okay.
You can see this page you to you.
There has a property known as item builder.
We simply miss how our video is going to be displayed.
Okay.
Now this takes in the context.
We can as well specify the type that does it type of feud contest.
Most of the time you don't need to.
And we needed to come our way.
And it does it has this intense.
And as well we can specify the type.
It is a type of ID as well.
Most of the time you don't really need it.
Okay.
Now you can have this and this.
Okay, I'll find this and see what we end up doing.
Okay, I think.
Okay.
Now, what we can do is we are going to be using this stock widget.
And the reason for this stock widget is we want to be able to place widgets on top widgets.
We are going to be placing the love icon, the share icon and the user profile photo on top of the video.
So that's the reason we're going to need to return.
A iStock.
Widgets stuck.
Best reason to do this for.
What's a prediction?
Okay, stuck.
And I think we need to.
We're just going to see.
What I'm missing, I think.
Okay.
Now we can have a train come over here.
It's going to come over here.
So we know where each event's.
Okay.
And as you know, the stock widget has.
The children.
Now, the first child is going to be the video.
Right.
Okay.
So what we can do, we can just add a comment.
We can see play.
Play video.
Later.
We're going to do this later.
Okay.
So now.
We can then have a column widget.
Colon.
Colon, colon.
Okay.
And, you know, this column has the children property and the first chart is going to be on this pundit.
On this funded widget.
So the next we are going to be using to take the available space and for the child is going to be a
rule widget.
You're going to see why we are well why we are doing all this.
We can add the true comb over here is concurrent, excessive erosions, and now we can have the children.
Okay?
The first child of the children is going to be a container.
You're going to see all this shove the okay container, and now we can then have a child again, which
is going to be a column.
Yeah.
It's kind of tricky to do this.
Okay.
And now if we can finally have a test, we get.
Tess.
We just.
And this is gonna be for the user name addition and use control necessary.
And as all we can argue that if you're going to sit here now, all we can do is before this is funded,
get we can have a sized sized.
Sized box and I'll give you the space vertically.
So this is the height of Aldridge.
No one says it.
And over here we need to drill and control and to save.
Are you going to see it somewhere yet?
Okay.
Okay, okay.
Now, what we need to do is to take this to the bottom.
Okay.
To do that over this column, we can see main axis alignment.
And.
Name us this alignment dots.
God's hand.
You're going to take it to the hand vertically.
Now.
Let's see.
You're going to see it over here.
Look, you can see and we can make sure the tests are going to start from this hatch.
So all we can do is cross us and cross us almost.
Across us is alarming thoughts.
Darts starts.
Okay.
I was already at the start there, so we didn't see any difference.
And as well, we can't just see as is and mean as is.
Main.
US is the main.
That mean hard work use contract excessive.
Okay.
Now go check it out.
Not much different.
Okay.
You can sit over here.
And what we can do rationally is.
Over this column.
We're just going to leave it like that for now and stages so we can try and test.
This tie.
Right.
And we can say.
Font size.
To be 21 and.
Fonts.
We can change the color.
Okay.
Is there any way we can make sure his white collar starts?
Whites and.
We can change the font with and we can say font we.
Form with the boat and use control necessary and go check it out.
But now I think it's way to push to the left side.
So what we can do, you can see does the need for the consumer.
So we have access to some additional properties.
So yeah, we can highlight and use control dots and wrap weeds adding.
We can give fans for all sides.
Okay.
We can just give 15.
Useful kindness to save.
Okay.
And as well we need for the culture.
So what we can do is we can copy this.
And.
Yes, and he's going to say cop.
Caption And you can reduce this font size, but we don't want it to be that big.
We can just exist in.
And.
Okay.
We can just use the wheat, the goodness we can see.
That's W.
400 case containing excessive.
If you can see it over here below.
Look, you can see.
Okay.
That's basically it for now.
I'm just.
I just think you're gonna continue from here and in this picture.
Okay, guys, see you in a sec.